[docs] Intro copy (#95)
quantumlib/ReCirq: docs/index.md

This repository contains code for our flagship experiments, enabling
you to reproduce and extend cutting edge quantum computing research.

> ## Audience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quantum researchers
```

Good to be (overly) direct in the headings since 1. users tend to skim, and 2. search engines seem to like headings/titles

> If you are a quantum researcher looking to develop world class NISQ experiments,
> this library can provide you the template for your future experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For quantum researcher developing world class NISQ experiments, ReCirq provides the template for your future experiments.
```

> Experiments such as QAOA and HFVQE provide a template for performing variational

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experiments such as [QAOA](./qaoa/index.md) and [HFVQE](./hfvqe/index.md) provide a template for performing variational
```

algorithms demonstrating the iteration between data collection and circuit 
parameter adjustment. Other experiments such as the Fermi-Hubbard experiment 
can be used as a template for exploring dynamics of condensed matter physics
with sophisticated calibration techniques.

> If you are learning quantum computing, we also encourage you to try out the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are learning quantum computing, try out the
```

tutorials and familiarize yourself with the experiments. While these
experiments are more complicated than some example introductory algorithms
found in a quantum computing textbook, if you put in the effort to understand
them you will be on the cutting edge of experimental quantum computing!
The code documented here was used to produce high impact publications. 

## How to use this code

There are many ways you can use ReCirq. One path is as follows: 

 1. Pick an experiment that closest match your interest
 2. Read the paper
      - Pay careful attention to the error mitigation and calibration

>         techniques used in the experiment to maximize performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        techniques used in the experiment to maximize performance.
```
